"Hello there, and welcome to your digital portfolio review. Over the next couple of minutes, we'll look at the portfolio you have with us, its change in value over the last 12 months, the fees you have been charged, and our principles for managing your money. First, let’s look at the total current value of the portfolio we manage for you. Your money is invested in a medium risk portfolio, which is designed for investors who plan to hold it for at least five years and balances your investment over a number of different asset classes. Equities, which enable you to share in the profits and growth of companies listed on the stock exchange. This is why they are sometimes referred to simply as shares. Bonds, which are in effect loans to companies and governments, who pay interest on the bonds. These are also known as ‘fixed interest’ investments as the interest is usually fixed at the time the bond is issued. Commercial property, for example investing in offices, warehouses and shopping centres, where your investment benefits from the rent paid and any increase in the property's value. The portfolio may also include varying levels of cash from time to time. This will depend on how we anticipate markets to perform in the short term and the rates of interest available. Next, here's how much you've put into, or taken out of your portfolio over the last twelve months. We can now calculate the overall change in your portfolio value in both cash and percentage terms. There are a number of factors affecting investments in global markets. Please be assured that, because you have an actively managed portfolio, our experts are constantly evaluating your investment options. Finally, let’s look at the charges you’ve paid, starting with the total amount you’ve paid over the last 12 months. This can then be broken up into three elements. The platform fee which covers access to the products and services to implement, manage and report on your portfolio. The fund management fees paid to the managers of the assets in your portfolio. These are the professionals who research, select, and buy and sell your portfolios underlying investments. The adviser fees which cover us working with you to understand your financial needs, and to establish and manage the plan to help you reach your financial goals. Please keep in mind that all of the amounts in this video are calculated after all charges have been deducted. We are proud of the services we offer and like to share our investment principles with our clients. We manage our portfolios' risks by using strategies that let us stay invested for the long term, spread our investments across different types of assets, and use both active and index-based strategies. Keep in mind that investments can go down in value as well as up. However, we believe that combining our disciplined investment process with long-term investing, gives investors a greater probability of generating positive returns. Hello there, and welcome to your digital portfolio review. Over the next couple of minutes, we'll look at the portfolio you have with us, its change in value over the last 12 months, the fees you have been charged, and our principles for managing your money. First, let’s look at the total current value of the portfolio we manage for you. Your money is invested in a medium risk portfolio, which is designed for investors who plan to hold it for at least five years and balances your investment over a number of different asset classes. Equities, which enable you to share in the profits and growth of companies listed on the stock exchange. This is why they are sometimes referred to simply as shares. Bonds, which are in effect loans to companies and governments, who pay interest on the bonds. These are also known as ‘fixed interest’ investments as the interest is usually fixed at the time the bond is issued. Commercial property, for example investing in offices, warehouses and shopping centres, where your investment benefits from the rent paid and any increase in the property's value. The portfolio may also include varying levels of cash from time to time. This will depend on how we anticipate markets to perform in the short term and the rates of interest available. Next, here's how much you've put into, or taken out of your portfolio over the last twelve months. We can now calculate the overall change in your portfolio value in both cash and percentage terms. There are a number of factors affecting investments in global markets. Please be assured that, because you have an actively managed portfolio, our experts are constantly evaluating your investment options. Finally, let’s look at the charges you’ve paid, starting with the total amount you’ve paid over the last 12 months. This can then be broken up into three elements. The platform fee which covers access to the products and services to implement, manage and report on your portfolio. The fund management fees paid to the managers of the assets in your portfolio. These are the professionals who research, select, and buy and sell your portfolios underlying investments. The adviser fees which cover us working with you to understand your financial needs, and to establish and manage the plan to help you reach your financial goals. Please keep in mind that all of the amounts in this video are calculated after all charges have been deducted. We are proud of the services we offer and like to share our investment principles with our clients. We manage our portfolios' risks by using strategies that let us stay invested for the long term, spread our investments across different types of assets, and use both active and index-based strategies. Keep in mind that investments can go down in value as well as up. However, we believe that combining our disciplined investment process with long-term investing, gives investors a greater probability of generating positive returns. You are welcome to get in touch with us at any time to talk about your portfolio or other financial planning needs. Our contact details will pop up on screen after this quick video recap. Thank you and have a great day."